[WHOOSH]
[THEME MUSIC]
KAEDRICH OLSEN: Here's
an important thing
to address when we're
talking about the paranormal,
paranormal awareness.
And it's because we were brought
up, all of us, in this society,
in this culture to be
afraid of the paranormal.
As children, we're born with our
physical senses and our clair
senses.
It can come in different ways,
full-blown visual in the mind
or just a visual impression
of information that's there.
But when we come to
the clair senses,
we have them turned
on too, but we're not
given the training to use them.
If anything, the opposite,
because the more you
resist it, the more it's
going to stick around.
But if you embrace and go,
this really sucks, I hate it,
but it's great, then
you get through it
and you're like, whoa,
what did I gain from that?
REGINA MEREDITH: What
did I gain from that?
Mm-hmm.
OLSEN: One of the best
things I love telling people
for validation of
your clair senses
is trust the goosebump rush.
REGINA: Yeah.
OLSEN: That's when you know
you should be saying it,
because that's validation.
And I've noticed that the higher
the level of being, the less--
REGINA: The less
they have to say.
Absolutely.
OLSEN: But it's so profound.
REGINA: Absolutely.
OLSEN: One word can
change everything.
REGINA: Do you feel your
intuitive capabilities
have taken a bit of a bashing
over the past couple of years?
Has the density of
Earth's emotional field
created by us feel like
it's keeping the finer
parts of our spirit down?
OK, then.
Well, Kaedrich Olsen
is with us today
to help us reconnect with
our higher capacities
even in the midst of madness.
And this is madness.
OLSEN: Oh, indeed.
There's a lot of fun
stuff going on right now.
REGINA: [LAUGHS] It's so hard
for people to navigate through,
especially once our
frequencies start
becoming engaged in stories and
we start on a downward spiral,
literally of our own
personal devolution of sorts
because we've attached
into these stories
and this confusion,
mass confusion.
So I want you to help us
square that away and get back--
get back on the
right path again.
So Kaedrich, last
time we had you on,
we talked about your
work with runes and Norse
mythology, and so forth.
This time, we're going to get
into the Kaedrich Olsen prequel
to your life, because
it's really interesting.
Most kids didn't have
your kind of life.
OLSEN: Indeed.
REGINA: So let's
start with your mom
and her taking you to kind of
paranormal sensitivity training
lessons.
And from there, we'll go on.
OLSEN: Oh, yeah.
Both of my parents
were really super
into the paranormal,
supernatural, psychic stuff,
especially my mom.
She was a professional
astrologer for a while.
And one of my favorite
memories of her
is back in the old
days of computers
when you were
programming a BASIC,
she was writing astrology
programs in BASIC.
REGINA: Oh.
So she was very skilled.
OLSEN: Very skilled.
She'd been around
this for a long time.
And when they knew that I was
picking up psychic abilities
and was communicating
with spirits
and I had this
insight coming in,
they weren't quite sure
what to do about it.
They just knew it was there.
So at a young age,
they started taking me
to psychic development classes.
There was a local psychic
here by the name of Joe Rock.
He used to own a bookstore
called Bell, Book, and Candle.
And he would do
regular psychic classes
at the local community college.
And it would-- a
class everywhere
from three to 20 people,
but we were always there.
REGINA: And so how old
were you when this began?
OLSEN: Oh, when it began.
Wow.
REGINA: When she first
started taking you
to people who might assist
your development, whatever
they were called.
OLSEN: Oh, yeah.
Let's even go way back
to elementary school.
REGINA: OK.
OLSEN: I remember when I
was even maybe a toddler,
having memories of this one
church my parents went to.
And you know, kids, we
don't know what we're
thinking when we're toddlers.
REGINA: Right.
OLSEN: But then when I
was in elementary school,
my parents explored
different churches
and settled on a Lutheran
Church for a while.
REGINA: That's how I was raised.
That's dur.
Very dour.
OLSEN: Yeah, they
wanted to be normal.
They wanted me to fit in.
They wanted the
family to fit in,
so they wanted to be normal.
And I remember distinctly
being on the playground
with my imaginary friends.
REGINA: Yeah.
OLSEN: And everyone
else's imaginary friends,
they play house, they
play on the swings,
they play other games.
Mine were like, no.
This is the nature of reality.
Here are five
levels of existence
and here are the things
that are going on.
I'm like, OK, great.
So they're teaching me
all of these things.
And eventually, it
got to the point
where my clairvoyance
is kicking in.
I'm seeing things and able
to describe lights coming in
and spirits coming in
and what they're saying.
And my parents kind
of went, all right.
Let's go back to our old church.
So my mom had us go
back to a church that
was a spiritualist church.
REGINA: I was going
to say, it sure
wasn't the Lutheran Church.
OLSEN: Nope.
REGINA: You'd have had
to pay for those sins.
OLSEN: Nope.
They went back to
their old church.
It was called The
Temple of Harmony.
REGINA: Oh, interesting.
OLSEN: Spiritualist church.
REGINA: Yeah.
OLSEN: It was here in Denver.
And it was your typical
Protestant stand up,
sit down, stand up,
sit down kind of thing.
And for a while, I did
go to the Sunday school,
so it was pretty normal.
But eventually, I just said, no.
I don't want to be there.
I want to go see
what's going on here.
And after church
session would conclude,
the service would
conclude, there
would be one to three
mediums go up on stage,
sit down, go into a deep trance,
and do trance channeling.
And that was a normal
part of the services.
And then eventually,
my parents said, fine.
We'll go to the other
thing that they do,
which was every Saturday
night in the church basement
they would have a big seance.
REGINA: OK.
So now, how old are you when
you go to your first seance?
OLSEN: Mm, I was probably
eight, nine years old.
REGINA: OK.
So Kaedrich's now at a seance.
Little eight, nine-year-old.
OK.
Let's talk about how you
experience that from that age.
OLSEN: That was a
very interesting
developmental process
for me, because one
of the critical
awakening moments I
had was a seven-year-old at my
grandmother's house for the one
and only night I stayed
over at her house,
back when she had HBO that
was on a satellite dish.
And my sister who was seven
years older than I am really
wanted to watch "The Exorcist."
So here I am, a seven-year-old
with awakened abilities,
and now I'm watching
"The Exorcist."
REGINA: Well, that's harsh.
OLSEN: But what
was good about it--
long term, 20/20
hindsight, we look back.
That night, I was
in a room by myself,
pitch black, completely
thinking about that movie,
but I forced myself to be aware
of every level of consciousness
I had, stepping myself down
into sleep, coming back up
if I was going too slow--
or going too fast, and
just slowly going back in
and being aware of
what my thoughts were,
my awareness was.
So with that baseline of
what "The Exorcist" was--
and "The Exorcist" scared
the hell out of me.
REGINA: Oh, yeah.
OLSEN: But now I'm eight, nine
years old in seance going, OK.
I know what I'm
experiencing all the time,
but now we're doing this for
real, so I'm quaking in my--
REGINA: So in a way, did that
movie kind of prepare you
for the experience?
OLSEN: It really did,
because it helped
me realize what my thoughts were
versus the external thoughts.
So that what I'm
seeing in seance,
I now know it's my
fear versus there's
nothing scary in the room.
And something like eight,
nine, even 10-year-old kid
is not sitting there going,
this is my fear I'm processing.
But now I'm in the
room going, there's
nothing scary in the room.
But wait a minute.
I'm afraid because it's dark
and I'm scared and there's--
but there's nothing in the room.
And I go back and I remember
the TV shows and the movies
I've even seen at that
age, because I've always
loved horror movies.
And I'm like, this
isn't matching what I'm
seeing in the horror movies.
What's going on here?
This doesn't-- this isn't right.
REGINA: So you were
developing discernment
at a very early age.
OLSEN: A very
early age, learning
to hear what the external
voices were versus mine, what
was my own imagination
versus what was coming in,
and what I was making up
of the whole situation,
and realized that I actually
had a co-creative power
in the environment around me.
REGINA: That's powerful
for a little kid.
OLSEN: I'm sitting
there going scared.
Then I could be
bringing in something.
And I'm like, no.
But there's nothing scary here.
So let's tune into the
thing that's really here
and listen to that
and be a part of that.
REGINA: OK.
So was part of the relationship
you had with your guides
working with
precognitive information?
Or were you sometimes
given advance--
a heads-up on something
that was going
to be occurring in your life,
or someone you loved or knew?
OLSEN: Rarely did I get
precognitive information.
Rarely was I any sort
of prophecy-type thing,
which was kind of frustrating--
REGINA: Because you wanted that.
Yeah.
OLSEN: But it was more
of advanced training.
Like, here's how
consciousness works.
Here's how--
REGINA: The nature of reality.
OLSEN: The nature of reality.
REGINA: And those
are the tools you
were going to navigate with
for the rest of your life.
OLSEN: Exactly.
REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
So when you say you were
connected with your guides
from a very early age,
they were teaching you
about the nature of reality.
And tell us about those
five levels of reality
that you were trained in very
early and came to flesh out
and understand much more
as you became an adult.
OLSEN: The best way I can
understand that now is
what we use the term densities.
You know, like first
density, stone.
Second density are more
of the plant-based.
Third, animals.
Then fourth is where we
have this concept of me
and who I am and time,
and how that works.
Then five is where
we are finally
getting into the collective
and aware of that collective.
So it's more about the
densities and energy levels.
But they called
them five worlds,
because that was the only
way I can understand it then.
And when I look back
on it, that's right.
It's like it's a realm.
It's its own reality.
And then you get to these
other realms and realities.
And if something is on
the first or second,
they have no way of
conceiving the fifth.
And so it's just like
this advancement process
and realizing it
really is the sixth,
which is all-encompassing, that
everything is the all and it
comes from the all, and
it's all the same thing,
just different densities of
that which we would perceive
as a world, as a realm,
when it really isn't.
REGINA: Yes.
And when you're using the
terminology such as realm,
it can get into hermetic
and other texts that
have to do with the
realms of being,
the various realms of entities,
higher and lower Earth
beings, somewhere in the middle
in their understanding of it.
And that gets into a whole
other connotation of realms,
because it's starting to bring
in the nature of the learning
or development of various
species in various realms.
And we're very
hierarchical by nature.
I think human beings like to
put everything in a category
above and below.
And it's been explained
to me many times,
it's not the right
way to look at it.
Each one's developing
in its own right.
We've all been
part of much of it.
But just to put that out there,
some of what we'll talk about
does have to do with
our intermingling
with realms that
might be learning
a different kind
of lesson that has
to do with usury of energy, that
has to do with taking instead
of giving.
And then we have the
higher realms, which
are more of giving than taking.
And we get to play in this
middle with both sides
all the time, and we see
where we land, right?
OLSEN: Exactly.
REGINA: And we're going to be
talking about some of that.
OLSEN: Excellent.
REGINA: OK, good.
And if you don't mind just
introducing that part of it.
Is our play with the
consciousness above
and the consciousness
below beyond the notion
of the mineral kingdom,
animal kingdom, and so forth?
OLSEN: Absolutely.
One of the ways I
like to think of this
is that we are a complex
being in and of itself,
that we have a mental body
and an emotional body.
And the mental body is great
at organizing and putting
information in a nice,
linear fashion, where
the emotional body is great
with feeling and perceiving
emotions, and has
to do with memory.
But then we have
the ethereal body,
which relates to
the physical body,
that they correlate
one to another.
One happens to the other.
They both affect.
Then there is the
causal body, which
is attuned to the people,
places, situations
that are drawn to you.
REGINA: Talk about that a
little more, because that's one
that a lot of people
don't understand,
and it's not talked about
as much, the causal body.
OLSEN: Yeah.
The causal body's great,
because sometimes we
see it as somebody's luck,
like if they're really lucky
or if they're unlucky.
And it just comes down to, what
do you believe you deserve,
and what do you believe
is right for you?
How do you tune
that one so that you
have the right
opportunities open to you?
So if you feel
that you're always
in this state of
desperation and in need
and that nothing
will ever come to you
and you're really
believing that,
your causal body will
get tuned to that.
And then your reflection
in the world around you
will come back to you.
And you'll see that
and you're like, see?
I don't get anything
that I want.
Nothing works out for me.
REGINA: It's your
path of causation.
OLSEN: Exactly.
REGINA: Yeah.
And that is
interesting, because it
ties into not only your
perception of self, which
is very heavily driven by the
subconscious, which is driven
by past experiences,
even past incarnations,
but it's also down to such
mystical things as timing.
Timing is really big.
And we have our own
issues with timing.
Timing seems to be the
great enemy to humans,
because it doesn't--
things don't happen the
way we want it to when
we want it to happen, right?
But if you can
just be with timing
and know when the
window's open and closed.
Talk about timing in this.
OLSEN: Yeah, I love to refer
to that as synchronicity.
When you're connecting
with higher being
and you're moving yourself
into that higher state of mind,
you're enacting your will,
your purpose in the world,
you're doing the right
things in the right way
for the right reason, the
timing of things just works out.
It's like you
don't have to push.
You don't have to make
things really happen,
because they just happen.
And when we go to
the magical realms,
it's what I call the
difference between operant
versus transcendent magic.
Operant magic is
I'm doing the spell
to get the right lover, the
right car, the right job.
Transcendent magic is
I'm working on myself
to bring myself to a
higher state of being
so that the right
lover is drawn to me,
the right job is drawn to me,
the right car comes my way.
And I don't have to
chase those things.
REGINA: No, you don't.
Do you mind if I give one
example in my own life
where that happened
that was so beautiful?
I'll make it brief.
I was speaking with my teachers
in the other realms, right?
And they were saying, do
something about the trees.
And I thought, who, me?
Who are you talking to?
What do you mean, do
something about the trees?
I love trees, but what am I
supposed to do about the trees?
So a little time passed, and
suddenly this opportunity
came to do a documentary
based on a Pulitzer
Prize-winning series
called "Sierra in Peril."
And so I said--
I was with PBS.
I said, yes, let's
do this thing.
They said, let's do it, even
though the timing was way off,
environment wasn't in anymore.
You know, recession
and all that.
Let's do it.
Money came quicker
than anyone thought.
And when it was time to start
doing the project, everyone
at every level of government,
every agency said yes.
And it ended up getting
four Emmy-nominated--
I'd never done--
produced a documentary,
and I wrote it too.
I hadn't done any
of that before.
Every force lined
up that far exceeded
everyone's expectations.
And I thought back
when it was all over,
you do something
about the trees.
And it was all about the
trees and the water and air
of the Sierra.
And it was.
It was destined.
It was programmed
in me, so to speak.
And there was nothing--
no door was closed.
There was no moment
that wasn't opportune.
OLSEN: You were perfectly
aligned with will,
and everything just
moved perfectly in place.
REGINA: Yeah.
That's one of those where I
just look to it as an example
of perfect timing.
But what about the
rest of your life?
How are you on that in
terms of synchronicity
in living your own life?
OLSEN: Boy, wouldn't
that be boring
if everything was
constantly synchronous?
REGINA: [LAUGHS]
OLSEN: That's one of the things
I had to come to realize,
is like, if I get a green
light every time everywhere I'm
going, when am I going to stop
and mess with stuff, you know?
And just take a break.
Where's the learning in that?
If everything worked out
so perfectly and smoothly,
where's the learning?
Where's the challenge?
Where's that move to grow?
And so sometimes even those
blocks, even those hiccups
are those things
we need to go, oh.
I hate this.
It sucks.
But wait a minute.
What if this is part of my
will, to endure this challenge?
Even if it's as horrible
and awful as it is,
what if my higher self
came in, said, this is it?
This is what I
want to experience.
So embrace a higher self.
Go into that moment.
Go, wow.
I love this thing
that sucks so bad.
And I'm going to
get into this one.
I'm going to hate
every moment of it.
And then get through it, and
you're like, oh, wait a minute.
Because the more you
resist it, the more it's
going to stick around.
But if you embrace it and go,
this really sucks, I hate it,
but it's great, then
you get through it
and you're like, whoa.
What did I gain from that?
REGINA: What did
I gain from that?
This happens a lot, especially--
I don't mean to be sexist
in saying this-- a lot
with women who are
trying to attract or even
project onto the notion
of a relationship.
And when you're listening
to your higher self,
we mistake those
messages thinking
that's the be all and end
all, when oftentimes when
we're given a message, it's
only for your next step in life.
Can you talk about
this phenomena?
Because people-- ugh!
You said this was the one.
Well, this was the one to
learn this thing for right
now, right?
And some people say, oh,
that's just excuse making.
Tell us why that's
not excuse making.
OLSEN: It's the
context of the moment.
Sometimes-- I've
actually seen this.
One of my craziest stories is I
remember spending time setting
up a seance for a client.
We did this whole, like,
maybe a half hour--
she was really nervous,
really kind of out of it.
Not into what we were doing.
She just wanted to
be out of there.
But we did it.
We finally got there.
We did this whole setup.
And we got one word.
I won't say the word,
but we got this one word,
and then the energy's
just, like-- whoop.
Vaporized.
We're like, what?
But that one word she
left there leaving, like,
I'm sorry, frustrated.
I know, but that's it.
Two weeks later, she calls me,
that, this, and that and this.
It all became because
of that one word.
It did this.
It was life-changing.
So in that sense, it was one
word that changed things.
And then other times when
we're working with somebody,
they're looking for that
life-shattering, that life--
big thing.
REGINA: The one thing.
OLSEN: And I get,
like, well, here.
Just work on this tiny
thing right here, right now.
And I see their shoulders
drop and they're frustrated.
And I'm like, I know, but just
do this one thing right now.
And then they'll
come back later.
I'm like, great.
Now we're going to do
this one thing next.
And then you realize you
get to that big picture
sometimes, stepping stone,
step by step by step.
REGINA: And I think
that's important.
OLSEN: It's a big boom.
REGINA: Yeah, that's
really important for people
to realize.
Everybody wants
the big enchilada.
They want the big
passion and dharma.
They want the big love.
Everybody wants the
big everything, right?
And not stopping
to think, we have
our own developmental process.
And you really work with people
on the developmental process.
Let me ask you a quick question
before we go into the clairs,
OK?
And that is, OK,
when you say seance,
are you the medium
in the seance,
or is someone else the medium?
OLSEN: That's how I
love doing seances,
is when I do a group
seance, it's two hours long.
I'll start off and I'll do it.
But then I'll get
people using the Ouija
boards and the automatic--
REGINA: Yeah, it's so fun.
OLSEN: And then eventually,
s just step back
and I let everybody else do it.
And then they walk away
with the sense, wow.
I can connect with
the paranormal.
I have this ability too.
And that's really
my subversive--
REGINA: I think that's great.
I love it.
I love that everyone
else gets to find
their own empowerment
in that story
rather than the one guru that's
doing everything and dispensing
all the wisdom and so forth
through the beings that
are on the other side.
I love that.
That's a great way
to go about it.
OK.
Let's start talking
about the clairs.
OLSEN: All right.
Isn't that where we
get our ears pierced?
REGINA: Yeah,
something like that.
Accessories.
[LAUGHTER]
So we're talking about
clairvoyants, clairsentience,
clair everything.
Clairaudience.
Yeah.
OLSEN: Yeah, the clair senses.
What I have come to understand
about this one, as children,
we're born with our physical
senses and our clair senses.
And just like as kids, we
need to learn to develop
our regular physical senses.
A baby may not be able
to focus on an object
till they get a
little bit older,
because they're developing
their physical sight.
And eventually
they'll make sense out
of all the noise,
what's going on,
and be able to turn into words,
and those words become things
that they understand.
But when we come to
the clair senses,
we have them turned on too, just
as much as our physical senses,
but we're not given the
training to use them.
If anything, the opposite.
Hey, Mom, I'm talking with
this little boy over here.
Oh, stop playing those games.
And meanwhile, that
kid's using clairvoyance
and clairaudience, the ability
to see and hear and communicate
with this, even claircognizance
to communicate and understand.
And Mom and Dad are
just like, stop it.
I don't want to
hear this anymore,
because they're freaked out.
They're scared.
They don't want the neighbors
to suddenly go, oh, you've
got one of those weird kids.
Oh, OK.
Are you going to get them into--
REGINA: Tell you what, it will
crush that magic out of life.
OLSEN: Uh-huh.
And then as we go through
life, maybe we're in adulthood,
and then we see something
because something clicks on.
And then we go to work the
next day and we're like,
I was in my room last night,
and this thing happened.
And, oh, were you drinking
and smoking again?
And then we get teased and
taunted, so we turn it off.
But meanwhile, we have
all of these abilities
still within us, even as adults.
They're still there.
Just, we haven't developed them.
We haven't used them.
And we need to.
And so the clairs.
Clairvoyance is
the ability to see.
It's what you have--
it mimics the physical senses,
because it's like you can see.
But when you have
clairvoyance kick in,
you may or may not actually
get a full visual image of it,
but you may actually just be
registering visual information.
REGINA: Yes.
And I noticed that for some
people with their eyes open,
they're actually seeing
wisps and entities
and the story playing out.
For other people like myself,
when my eyes are closed
is when I see things.
And so then it's projecting
that visual information there
for you, or drawing it
from memory or whatnot.
OLSEN: Right.
REGINA: So we're each
different even on that one.
OLSEN: Exactly.
It can come in different ways,
full-blown visual in the mind
or just the visual impression
of information that's there.
Same way with clairaudience,
the ability to hear.
It can come as full-blown
sound, like somebody
thinks they're having an
audible hallucination, going,
what's going on?
And other people,
it's like, well, no.
I just kind of have
this feeling that I'm
hearing a weird, fuzzy,
buzzing sound that's warbling.
Both are valid
expressions of it.
Then we get to clair--
REGINA: But let's talk about
the buzzy, chirping sound.
OLSEN: Sure.
REGINA: So even
through that, you're
understanding the information.
You're saying even
in that case, you're
understanding the nature of
the information coming through,
even if it just sounds
wobbly and warbly.
OLSEN: Right.
REGINA: Yeah.
OLSEN: In fact,
what's fun about that
is we can compare clairvoyants
with clairaudients.
Maybe somebody is
a visual learner
versus an audible learner.
And an entity comes
into the room,
and the visual learner
might be going, well,
I see this fuzzy, warbling,
kind of blue object.
And the other person's like, no.
There's just this weird
buzzing, warbling sound.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Well, they're both picking
up on the same information.
They're just interpreting it
with their own clair senses,
and they're having the
same exact experience
in their own unique way.
REGINA: Yeah.
So let's go on with the clairs.
We've got two.
OLSEN: Sure.
Claircognizance is kind of
that ability of knowing.
And it can come as
full-on telepathy,
like you're having linear-worded
sentences coming through.
Or it can be just like,
how do I know what I know?
There are different
degrees of that one,
but it's a great way
of communicating.
And it's a great way of
trying to understand beings
that you're working with.
Like, a lower level
being is going
to stay the same thing over
and over and over and over
and over and over
and over again.
A higher level being might
only say one or two words.
And I've noticed that the higher
the level of being, the less--
REGINA: The less
they have to say.
Absolutely.
OLSEN: But it's so profound.
REGINA: Absolutely.
OLSEN: One word can
change everything.
REGINA: You're right.
Absolutely.
Actually, there's a
little blue one over here
right next to you.
[LAUGHS] I'm just seeing him.
A little distracted.
OK.
Claircognizance
and clairsentience.
What's the difference
between those two?
OLSEN: Clairsentience from
what I've come to understand
is feeling the energy of a
room or the energy of what's
going on around you.
Sentience is more of a feeling.
Not to be confused with
empathy, but the feeling.
Like, you can feel if the
energy of the room is stagnant
or if it's flowing or maybe
the vibe of the energy.
Is it a higher level vibe?
Is it a lower level vibe?
And you can even use
your clairsentience
to pick up if there are
anomalies in the room
like entities or
beings, thought forms.
So clairsentience is a way
of getting out of the body
and feeling the room and the
air and energy around you.
REGINA: Mm-hmm.
OK.
Continue on.
OLSEN: And clairempathy.
This is an important
one to develop.
REGINA: It's not one you
really hear much about.
OLSEN: Right.
It's basically able to
pick up the emotions
of what's going on.
And this is where it differs
from clairsentience, where
clairsentience is kind of like
a feel, where clairempathy
is where you have
the emotional sense.
And the reason why
that's really important
is let's say you have a being
that you're talking with,
and it's saying something,
but you're feeling
at a different emotional level.
Let me give you a great
example of this one.
Doing a little bit
of seance on my own,
I had these two skeletal, scary
figures walk into the room.
And I looked at them
and I'm like, OK,
what are you two doing?
Because the feeling
wasn't there.
The empathy was not, I'm big
and scary and threatening.
The feeling was like, what
are you doing in here?
What's going on here?
They were more
kind of exploring.
And I'm like, the image
doesn't match the feeling.
So I'm like, what are you doing?
What are you kids Doing because
it felt like kids after a bit.
And they took off
their mask, and it's
like a little boy and a
little girl playing Halloween.
They're like, but we
thought we had to be scary
when we're doing these things.
And I'm like, no.
It was just so cute,
and it was so much fun.
Conversely, you may have
something coming through that
may be trying to tell
you something good,
but you're getting
that bad vibe.
The emotion just isn't right.
So if you're not
getting coherence
between the information coming
through and the emotion,
that should be a big red flag.
You have to deal with it.
And at the same time,
sometimes a higher being
will come in to do
some scary stuff,
because sometimes
fear could be used
to put people on the right
path and do the right thing.
So it's not a good
indicator all the time
that you're dealing
with something bad,
but look at all of the things
from the information coming
through, the emotions
coming through,
the causal outcome from it, and
what really is in it for you?
Which is why I always tell
people to test and validate
everything that comes through.
You have a spirit
saying this one thing.
Go out and test it.
If you're feeling something
off, go out and validate it.
REGINA: Yeah, validation.
And that's a really
important part here,
because as people are starting
to develop those senses,
it's so easily to be dissuaded--
so easy to be dissuaded
to succumb to ridicule
or what from other people
that don't go that
direction, and so forth.
And so it's very important for
us to have self-validation.
Let's talk about
that for a moment.
That is those little steps.
Those little bits of validation
are what give you the platform
to grow and own it.
OLSEN: Absolutely.
One of the best things
I love telling people
for validation of
your clair senses
is trust the goosebump rush.
REGINA: Yeah.
OLSEN: You know, when you feel
that goosebump rush coming up
over the back, that is actually
your visceral nervous system
trying to communicate to
you through your body.
Hey, this is information.
This is really valid.
And that's what I
tell people in seance.
When we're doing seance
and you get this impression
of something that
you want to say
and you're just about
to say it, then you
feel that goosebump
rush, that's when
you know you should be saying
it, because that's validation.
REGINA: Absolutely.
And then you can also, when
you're shown something--
and say for example it is
of a precognitive nature.
That's just kind of
low-hanging fruit.
And then that thing happens
the next day or that person
calls you in a few minutes.
Don't ignore those.
Those aren't coincidences.
Start looking at those as
little moments of validation.
I think a lot of validation
that's happening,
we walk right past.
We don't register or we
just kind of blow off.
And I think in this
process of developing this,
it's important not to blow
these coincidences off.
OLSEN: Right.
It's what they call the
believing and seeing dynamic.
You have to believe
in it a little bit.
So believe in
yourself that you're
getting some sort of information
that you can validate.
Then you go out and you prove
it, and now you've seen it.
You see it's there.
Now, that actually goes back
and reinforces your belief
so you believe it
a little bit more.
Then you go out and
you can see it more.
And then you see it more.
That validates even more.
I've developed that into
a bit of a practice.
Let's say using a pendulum.
So if you use a
pendulum and you're
getting yes or no
responses-- and I've
got some techniques to develop
to work with a pendulum,
but let's say you
finally develop
your yes or no responses.
You're asking questions that
you already know the answer to.
You know this is a gray table.
My feet are on the floor.
My hair is blue.
You're able to calibrate that.
Then you go out and
you ask a question
you don't know the answer
to, and then you put it away.
Go out, test, and validate it.
Then you keep doing that, some
yes, no answers that you know.
And then the answers you don't
know, you test and validate.
Eventually, you're
going to notice
inside something that feels yes
and something that feels no.
And that is your intuitive hit.
That's an intuitive response
coming from the gut,
that visceral nervous system.
Meanwhile, the
brain is going, ick.
Ick, no.
This doesn't make any sense.
This isn't rational.
This isn't logical.
It's dumb.
I don't want to
believe that one.
So that's where we look at that.
We go, OK.
Well, my brain says,
logical reasoning
says this isn't valid.
But meanwhile, your intuition
is going, ding, ding,
ding, ding, ding.
So you do the pendulum.
You build your
yes, no responses.
You go out in the world
and go, oh, that was right.
Oh, that was right.
That builds that trust between
the visceral and the cognitive
so that now you know when
you feel this one thing,
there we go.
That's my validation, and
that's all I need to do.
REGINA: That's all you need.
And the word you use
is exactly the one
I was going to bring up,
trust, which even spills over
into faith of sorts.
So I totally have faith that
it's all going to work through.
I'll listen to the
signs along the way,
and I'll end up in
the right destination.
That's a matter of almost faith.
But there's a fine line
between trust and faith.
I'm sure somebody could--
a linguistic scholar could
go ahead and break that down
for us.
But I find the
feeling of trust moves
into the feeling of
faith, so to speak.
And one of the things
about a pendulum validating
what you're talking about, when
I had Conscious Media Network,
we'd go to these big
conferences, right?
Spiritual life expo
or whatever it was.
And I have to try to
really quickly get
people to agree to an
interview between things.
And it's a madhouse, right?
Everybody has schedules to meet.
And it got so crazy I thought,
I can't do this with my mind.
So I'd get a pendulum out, go
over the faces on the roster,
and try to disconnect what my
mind knew about the people.
And I was always surprised.
It's like-- but
that's not someone
I would normally choose
from what I'm interested in.
Or someone else, I absolutely
need to talk to her.
And it'd say no.
Well, it would turn out
something interesting
like their plane was leaving
right after their talk,
and we would have never
been able to schedule it,
I'd find out after.
I'm just saying how perfect
it is if you leave it
to this higher
part of your being
to discern this information.
It worked like a dream.
It was so easy to work at
conferences after that.
OLSEN: Absolutely
REGINA: Yeah.
OLSEN: Pendulums are a
great way of building
that paranormal awareness.
REGINA: Yeah.
And anyone can do it.
Anyone can work with them.
What are some of
the other modalities
you like to work with
besides the pendulum?
OLSEN: Besides a pendulum,
I love the black mirror.
REGINA: Oh, well,
tell us about the--
OLSEN: The black mirror is
my favorite seance tool.
It was just using it
last night, in fact.
It's nothing more than just
a piece of paint and glass.
It's all it is.
Just a frame.
You go to a hobby
store, and you can just
buy one of those picture
frames, and you spray
paint the back of
it with black paint.
That's all it is.
But in the ritual setting,
when you get your mind tuned
into it, it becomes a portal.
It will connect you
to other realms,
other worlds, other people.
And they can come through
now, and you can connect.
Energy goes back
and forth both ways.
Communication goes
both ways through it.
Connect with higher beings,
exchanging energy through it,
and getting these higher
level transmissions
through the black mirror.
REGINA: Why the black mirror?
I mean, does it get
to the point you
don't need the black mirror?
You just set your
mind in that place
and you can do it anyway, right?
OLSEN: I love the
visual dimensional shift
that it gives,
because when you look
through the black
mirror in a dark room,
it does look like a mirror.
You can still see the room.
You can still see
yourself in there.
But you can transform
your visual perception
from, like, 3D to 4D to 5D.
I can't explain
it, because there
are times where
the mirror is here,
but then when I'm working
with it, it's here.
It will shift in size.
And then sometimes
it'll go small.
The colors that come
through, I can never
tell you if they're green, blue,
brown, or yellow, or whatnot.
But the colors are so vivid.
They're not a color I've
ever seen in my entire life.
It's vivid.
It's bright.
It's in there.
If you want to do shapeshifting
work, imagine this.
You can stand in
front of the mirror
and see yourself how you want to
see yourself, like as an animal
form or an ideal body shape.
And you can see it transform
in the mirror, which
affects the ethereal body,
which then goes and affects
the physical body.
So now you're
integrating, like, if you
want to be the
bear so you're more
big and bold and
boisterous, you see yourself
as a bear in the mirror.
Then you can feel it.
You absorb it.
And you're now the bear.
There's so much
you can do with--
REGINA: So is this a
long initiation process,
or can anybody go and-- what
you say, go to a hobby store,
get a frame that has a
background to it, right?
And you paint the
background black.
OLSEN: Yep.
REGINA: That's it?
OLSEN: That's it.
REGINA: OK.
And so you go into a dark
room or a darkened room.
OLSEN: Mm-hmm.
REGINA: OK.
OLSEN: I prefer completely dark.
REGINA: And then where do
you set your intention?
Where does your
mind go with this?
OLSEN: You definitely
want to set sacred space.
You definitely want to set
sacred space around you,
within you.
When I teach it, I've got a
five-week course where we go
through a whole process--
I might turn it into
a weekend workshop--
where we go through a whole
process of learning to tune in,
learning to connect,
learning to ground and go
through the mirror and be there.
Raymond Moody, though,
has a different method.
REGINA: Yeah, what's his?
OLSEN: He's got what
I would describe
as a little "Harry
Potter" closet
with a black mirror in there.
REGINA: Raymond Moody?
OLSEN: Raymond Moody.
REGINA: He does the
black mirror thing?
OLSEN: He does.
He calls it a psychomantium.
REGINA: I love it.
OLSEN: And what he'll do is
if somebody has experienced
someone who has recently died
and they're feeling lost,
and they haven't maybe
worked through their grief,
they'll spend some time
outside of the room,
talking about this person,
connecting with their feelings
and their memories of them.
And then he'll invite them into
this place, which is sacred
and they're at a
higher state of mind.
And to be there and
think about that person
and connect with that energy.
And sometimes they'll
see that person
come through the
mirror or other people
will come through the mirror.
They'll have a connection.
They'll have a conversation.
They'll be in the presence of
that person again for that time
that they're in that room
with the black mirror,
because it distorts our sense
of reality, our sense of mind.
But if we're tuned
into that person
that we want to connect
with, we remember
what it feels like to
be in their presence
and what it was
like to be love--
feel that love with them, then
all of a sudden, we're there.
And a black mirror helps
shift our perspective
so we can actually perceive
them and experience them again.
REGINA: Interesting.
And what about the notion of
the fear factor of people where
I'm new age and I want to
do everything in light,
and I don't want to
be in a darkened room,
be with a dark mirror.
And you have very
two distinct mindsets
in the field of
paranormal and phenomena.
A lot of them-- there's a
whole group of ascension folks,
and then there are the
magic folks, and so forth.
But one thing that is
common to both groups
is there can be fear when
engaging with these things.
And often, that fear
comes from other times,
but is still contained
within the being.
So let's talk about
that phenomena
for those who are
listening, thinking,
I'd kind of like to do it,
but it kind of sounds scary.
OLSEN: Fear is an
important thing
to address when we're talking
about the paranormal and
paranormal awareness,
and it's because we
were brought up, all of us in
this society and this culture,
to be afraid of the paranormal.
We've seen the TV shows.
We've seen the movies.
REGINA: Well, "The Exorcist"
certainly nailed the lid
on that coffin for
a lot of people.
[LAUGHS] And "Carrie."
OLSEN: We've had the
community leaders
tell us this is evil and bad.
We've had the church leaders
pounded it into our brains.
Then when we talk to
our friends, our peers,
we get laughed at
and ridiculed, and we
don't want to be cast out.
Our parents tell us to shut up.
I don't want to hear it
anymore, none of this.
So we grew up with fear, and
we instantly associate anything
with the paranormal fear-based.
And let me give you an example
of how this is unfortunate.
Let's say you're at home, just
having a nice, quiet night.
And then all of a sudden,
something moves on the table.
Let's say you have a glass
of water on the table,
and you see the ripples
on the water glass.
And you're like, what is that?
And then all of the sudden,
the table that it's on
starts to go--
you're like [GASP].
You're going to go, oh, ah,
we need to call the exorcist.
We need to get them in here.
Meanwhile, it probably is just
some little kid going to--
REGINA: Passing through.
OLSEN: Hey, let's
play with this.
What is that?
So you're going to
call the exorcist,
get a kid out of there?
It's like--
REGINA: Because it's
so misunderstood.
Well, the multidimensionality,
I've said this many times.
A civilization could
live in the palm
of your hand in one dimension.
And if we could see all the
dimensions interpenetrating
where we are right now, all
the hosts of different kind
of beings in the space
between you and I,
we'd probably go mad.
There's a reason
dimensions are full stop.
You don't bleed
through to the others
unless you have certain talents
and skills and choose to.
OLSEN: Right.
REGINA: Right?
So there's a reason.
I mean, that is our
protective shield
is to not be able to go insane
with everything going on.
That's not our
dimension to learn in.
That's not our playground.
It's someone else's playground.
But like you're saying, not
to be afraid of the fact
that other people are
on their playground that
might affect ours to an extent.
OLSEN: Right.
Yeah.
It's just, we live in a
completely paranormal world.
I do think the paranormal is
all around us all the time.
Spirits are everywhere.
In this room here, there's
a few little things
that aren't human.
There is one person just
kind of walking around.
He's just over here.
Like you said, you saw
a little blue thing.
It's everywhere.
And if we're afraid of
it, we're tuning it out.
We're blocking it out.
We're not inviting it
as a part of our life.
And you're right.
Like, so much could be
going on that it's just
hard to tune it out.
There's just so much out there.
REGINA: And sometimes it can be
disconcerting when you're first
waking up to all this.
I remember a few
decades ago when
I was kind of really
awakening myself to all this,
someone used to
pet my hair a lot.
They'd come and they'd just be--
I could feel them
petting my hair.
And at first I'd kind
of get the shivers.
And then I thought,
well, that's OK.
You're not doing
anybody any harm.
And then after a year
or two, that wore off
and other phenomena happened.
And I think once
you open this door,
it's perfectly natural
to start becoming
aware of what's surrounding
you that we have been blind to.
And you know, you
strike me as a--
for lack of a better word,
from your deeper past
more of a Druidic
type of magician.
And so let's talk
about the way magic
interfaces with all of
this and what that means.
A lot of people are
afraid of the word magic,
because they're
doing-- they have
a connotation of black magic.
White magic is certainly as
powerful, if not more powerful
in the end.
So let's talk about that, where
magic comes into all of this.
OLSEN: Absolutely.
It's all a part of it, because
the way I refer to runes,
my primary way of
working, is that runes
are the subtle connections
between the subtle parts
of our mind and the
subtle parts of reality.
And if we can tune into
those runes and tune
into that subtle
part of our mind,
we can then shift
how the reality
is that we are experiencing
and that we're working with.
And in essence, that's
all that magic is,
is whenever we have an idea that
we want to manifest and come
into the world, we
do the things that
make it seem possible
and seem real to us.
And that's what magic is.
And we go out into the
world and we make it happen.
And so light magic, dark magic,
white magic, black magic,
all that doesn't matter.
What really matters is what
do we have going on here.
What is it we want to
see, feel, and experience?
And then when we go
into the ritual chamber,
there's some meditation, sure.
There's some setting
of sacred space
so that we get our
mind in tune to things.
But it's really coming down
to that moment of experience.
What do we experience?
What do we see?
What is there?
Great.
Now I want to put that
energy into the runes,
into this amulet, into the
talisman, whatever it is.
And then I'm going to
let it do its thing,
and then I'm going to go off
into the world and do my thing.
And that's all magic is.
REGINA: Yeah, it is.
It's really just
the manifestation,
the manifestation beyond
the physical realm.
You can say from the paranormal
realm into the physical realm.
And a lot of people will say,
wow, they have a magical life.
But it's just what
you said a moment ago.
It's being in synchronicity with
all of these different aspects
of self that allow these
things to come to fruition,
which many would perceive
to be against the odds.
And that's called
magic, just because it's
against what we expect here in
these third-dimensional bodies.
So one of the things
I wanted to talk about
before we wrap our
conversation up
is what I said in the very
beginning, which is these times
right now have a very
chaotic feeling to them,
and my understanding
from Vedic astrology,
this could go on for several
more years, this time of coming
unglued so we can reconstitute
ourselves collectively
and individually.
But these crazy
energies, the confusion,
the conflicting
information in the field
is affecting the Earth herself.
And it's a feedback
loop between us.
So let's talk to people about
how we can start taking back
our subtle energies,
how we can start
reframing them to
embody ourselves again
in a more powerful way.
OLSEN: Absolutely.
And you're right.
There is a lot of
stuff going on.
And this is why I'm trying
to help people develop
more of their awareness
of the paranormal,
what's going on around
us, is if you are
unaware of the influence
upon you and upon the world
around you, you
are subject to it.
You just think, that's
the way the world works,
so that's how it is.
And I'm under the
belief that 90%
of the thoughts and
emotions we experience
are not self-generated.
They come from the
world around us.
We're going to walk
through energy fields that
have different vibes
to it, different--
REGINA: Dream world, even.
OLSEN: Dream world.
Right.
We're going to walk through
reality tunnels and reality
bubbles that exhibit a whole
state of reality in existence,
and it causes that
feedback loop.
Within all of that, though,
are various entities,
various beings.
Most are human-generated.
They like tulpas or egregores.
REGINA: Egregores, absolutely.
OLSEN: Where we have
our collective belief,
our collective fear.
And then they're going to
go to those minds of people
who are unaware of them
and then whisper, hey,
wouldn't it be a
good idea to do this?
Because you'll get this power.
You'll get this money.
You'll get this recognition,
so go do that thing.
They don't know that it's
not a self-generated thought
or emotion.
They're going to go, wow, I want
to be awesome for doing this,
so I'm going to go do that.
Meanwhile, it's
caused a detriment
to so many other people.
And they're like,
but yeah, hey, look
what you're getting out of it.
So there's this weird
cyclical thing going on.
REGINA: We've got some weird
egregores out there right now.
OLSEN: Big time.
Big time egregores
all over the place.
And unfortunately,
they are whispering
into the minds of some
people in powerful positions.
REGINA: Oh my gosh.
Boy, are they.
OLSEN: It's really scary.
And so if we can
develop our awareness
to be aware, like, ooh,
there's an egregore, there's
a tulpa messing with
these people there, ooh,
there's this energy pattern that
I'm feeling that's not mine,
we go into the state
of meta consciousness
where we are aware of our
awareness, where we are
like the inner observer
where we can know,
oh, I just walked
through an energy field.
That's not my energy.
I don't want it
Oh, I'm hearing this
whisper in my mind.
I'm hearing this influence.
Nope, I don't want to
deal with that one.
Oh, they're acting that
way because they're
getting this influence?
Got it.
I know to step away from that.
If you don't have
that awareness,
if you don't have
that ability to see
the paranormal around you
through your clairvoyance,
you're clairaudience,
your clairgustance,
you aren't tuning into that,
you don't know what's happening.
You don't know what's yours.
You don't know what's external.
You just think, well, this
is the right thing to do.
This is the only thing to
do, so I'm going to go do it.
Meanwhile, people
could be getting hurt.
Your life could be falling
apart, and you don't know why.
It's because the subtle
influence comes in.
REGINA: So to know where
those incongruities are,
it's like, hey, this
is passing through.
But your body's
responding to-- your body
has massive intelligence.
Your body is tightening up and--
I hear you, but this
doesn't feel good.
Honoring that.
These are the things
we bypass a lot too.
And it's easy when you're in a
state of mass confusion, when
literally the
masses are confused,
because we're being given
such conflicting, manipulative
information from so
many sources now.
So in confusion, you can
be easily programmed.
I think it's very
important now to listen
to your body, the
body's intelligence.
OLSEN: That's what's
great about the pendulum,
is because your body has that
intelligence, that intuitive
response.
It can connect to that
paranormal situation.
And you hear somebody saying,
you should go do this one.
Well, check into your body.
Are you getting the
yes, no response?
If you're not getting
that clarity then when
you go back to the
pendulum, you're
going back to the
ideomuscular responses that
are connected to the
subconscious parts of your body
so that the conscious mind
can then finally pick up
on that one, because
you're finally
seeing the movement of the
pendulum that goes, no.
That's not the
right thing to do.
And I don't need to know why.
I just-- it's not the
right thing to do.
It's like, because
intuition, the pendulum.
OK.
I'm not following that, so
wherever that came from,
I don't want that.
Go away.
REGINA: Right.
And just one other teeny
little story before we go.
I used to have a
hypnotherapy clinic,
and I really loved working with
performance issues in terms
of athletes and
such, but also I took
a lot of people into other
life journeys and so forth.
But one thing that
I started doing
that was fascinating
to your point was I
worked with the
ideomotor response--
classic, classic
hypnosis technique--
without words where I
project mind to mind.
And then their bodies would
twitch their yeses and nos
to me and develop a dialogue
with their conscious mind not
knowing anything.
And it was amazing
in the effects
that it had, because
there was nothing
to interfere with their deeper
desires to perform or whatnot.
And so it's just
like the pendulum.
It showed itself.
OLSEN: That's right.
We're all connected.
REGINA: Exactly.
I absolutely loved
working like that.
Any final thoughts
before we go, Kaedrich?
OLSEN: The final thoughts
that I want for everyone
to be able to learn
is to take some time,
no matter what practice
you have for spirituality,
no matter what paths you
follow, just with you,
take time to go in.
Learn your own inner world.
Learn to get to this place
that I call the inner observer.
It's where you-- the way
you'll know it is you
will know your thoughts.
You will know your emotions.
You will know your
bodily sensations.
But they're not a part of you.
You're able to observe them, but
you are not observing yourself.
You can just observe.
When you get to
this inner observer
place, that's where you
can go, oh, this is mine.
That's mine.
Oh, that's not mine.
REGINA: Mm-hmm.
Very important right now.
OLSEN: Right.
And it comes down--
the way you get there
is feel what you're feeling.
You feel your emotions.
You recognize your thoughts.
And this works
great if you're one
of those people that
overthink and think too much,
and think, think.
Because you can be aware
of all of those thoughts
and just look at it,
look at it, look at it.
And then that moves you to
this central part of your being
where you go, OK,
I can see my head
going with all those thoughts,
and I can feel these emotions
about it.
And I'm feeling the chair.
I'm feeling the floor.
But I'm observing these things.
And like, oh, what is
that energy pattern moving
through the room?
That was sudden--
REGINA: Becoming the observer.
OLSEN: And you'll feel
that whisper coming in
and you're like,
that wasn't mine.
REGINA: Yeah.
Very important, because right
now a lot of it's not ours, OK?
OLSEN: That's right.
REGINA: And just for
people that don't
know what egregore and tulpa
is, these are thought forms
generated by enough people that
they become their own entity
in essence, right?
And so I think that
validation you talked about,
just to recap,
listening to ourselves,
watching these coincidences,
don't dismiss them.
They're not coincidences per se.
All of this self-validation.
I love everything
you had to say,
and I would love to
see one of your seances
one day where
everybody's having at it.
That sounds fun.
OLSEN: Oh, yeah.
Got one coming up
here real soon.
REGINA: All right.
Good.
Good going.
Thank you so much, Kaedrich,
for coming back with me.
I really appreciate it.
OLSEN: Awesome.
Thank you for having me.
This has been wonderful.
REGINA: Kaedrich is offering
classes and offers other tools
as well through his
website, kaedrich--
K-A-E-D-R-I-C-H-- .com.
If you enjoyed this
talk, you can also
see my previous interview with
Kaedrich in the Gaia Archives.
Also, my interviews
with Jean Slatter
on the use of divination
with pendulums.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]